Mr. Heartland: Greetings,
magnificent duelists!
The sun has set on the second
day of the world duel carnival!
Tomorrow, the battle
for heart pieces continues!
For now brave duelists, rest
your decks and gather your
strength because come tomorrow,
you're gonna need it!
Orbital 7: Master Kite, I know
you need to find more numbers,
but you've been in photon
mode for far too long.
I have to warn you that
if you keep this up,
your body could...
Kite: Your concern is noted.
Now get back to tracking
down info on the numbers.
Sorry!
Tracking info!
Hart...
how you feelin'?
HART: Brother...
I've gathered more numbers.
Before you know it, you're
gonna feel a lot better.
I just need you to
keep hanging in there.
You think you can
do that for me?
Brother...
brother...
heh!
I just tripped.
What a klutz.
Brother...
I must go.
Security guard A: Whoa!
What's goin' on?
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
TORI: Thanks for buying me
all this Candy and stuff.
How come you didn't get
anything for yourself?
Yuma: I thought you were
gonna share with me.
Didn't realize
you'd hog it all.
What are you muttering?
Uh, nothing!
CROWD: There is a
kid in the street!
He's gonna get hurt out there!
You seeing this?
What is that kid doing?
I know that kid.
It's Kite's little brother.
Yuma!
Hey!
What are you doin'
playin in traffic?
PEOPLE: Look out!
Yuma...
yuma!
Wha... how did...
ASTRAL: Yuma, look.
There's a hole in the truck!
But...
what...
where did that come from?
Astral, did you see
what just happened?
I did.
At the moment of the collision,
some sort of power
phenomenon occurred.
It seemed to protect
you and the boy.
Could this power
have come from him?
You look like you're cold.
Huh?
Is he talking to you?
Are you saying you can see me?
Yes, I can.
Who are you?
This is freaking me out.
Is he one of
you or something?
My name is astral.
I know that name.
Astral.
Do you know something about me?
Yuma!
You're okay!
Yeah, but...
uh, I don't think
we should stick around.
Bring the boy!
I need to ask
him more questions.
After what he did to the truck?
I have a feeling
I'm gonna regret this!
Probably!
DRIVER: Hey, look what
you did to my truck!
NISTRO: So what do
we think caused this?
Meteor? Big monster maybe?
Dextra: You know perfectly
well it was subject zero.
If Mr. Heartland Finds
out that he's out there...
Yeah Well, he won't.
And neither will Kite.
We'll have the
kid home by morning.
Hopefully he can manage to keep
a lid on himself
until we track him down.
Let's move out nistro.
Tv ANNOUNCER: We now go to
east city C, block 3562,
where traffic is at a
standstill after an earlier
incident in which a
trailer spun out of control
and fell on its side.
Witnesses on the scene report
seeing a 'strange light.'
woooah!
It's on the news!
You see the hole
in my rig, right?
I mean I don't
know what happened.
Some Witnesses claim that
moments before the incident...
bringing him to my house
was not a good idea.
Lillybot: Yuma, be quiet.
Yuma, be quiet.
I need to ask
you something, Hart.
How is it you can see me?
Why wouldn't I
be able to see you?
Hey!
It's almost ready.
Kari: Get over here and
set the table, doofus!
Woooahhh, Fried dumplings,
soup, fish, meat, potatoes!
Think I'll start with these!
We haven't all sat down yet.
I was gonna Wait,
I was just looking!
You were gonna hog all the
best dumplings for yourself.
Grandma: Don't be
shy, help yourself.
Hear that, grandma, Kari just
said some of your dumplings
don't look good!
Did not!
Heh,heh,heh!
Tori, be a dear
and pass the potatoes.
Here ya' go.
This soup is really great.
What are the spices in here?
It's an ancient
secret family recipe!
Hey, how come you're
not eating anything?
Don't you wanna Chow down?
There's no reason to
hold back, just dive on in.
Hurry before yuma
steals it all.
Heeyyy!
I saw you eyeing
his potatoes.
And you've already
had, like, five dumplings.
Hart.
What? I've only had two!
Grandma, how many
dumplings did you make?
Twelve!
Let's see.
I've had one, Hart's
got one on his plate,
I've only had two so far.
Yeeeah, there you go!
You know what's
really awesome?
Try dipping the dumplings
in your bowl of soup!
Now Hart,
ask for more.
May I have some more please?
Pilot a: We'll scan
the western district.
Copy that.
If you see the kid, do
not try to apprehend him.
Unless you wanna be obliterated
by an otherworldly power.
So where do you
think he was heading?
I have no idea. I guess we
should get him back to Kite so
we'll have to track
him down somehow.
Yeah but... you know what's
gonna happen if you see Kite.
There's gonna be trash
talk and then a duel and...
and if you lose, then...
How about we worry about
that part when we get to it.
Yuma...
Hart can see me.
There is something
quite special about him.
I have a feeling he knows
about me and where I am from.
Brother...
brother!
Look, tomorrow, we'll sit
him down and ask him...
the window!
C'mon, we gotta go!
Hey, Hart!
Where are you?
Come back!
Brother... I will help you.
Hart!
Gaah! Man, he coulda
gone anywhere!
What if something happens
again like before?
Good thinking!
This way!
Astral!
Wait!
Did you see that?
The little boy in the road
wrecked all those cars!
Man A: How am I
supposed to explain
this to my insurance company?
Woman a: Yeah,
good luck with that.
This looks like Hart's doing.
I can sense the energy.
He's gotta be around here.
There he is!
Up on the overpass!
C'mon, we gotta hurry!
Hart!
Hold on!
What do you think you're doing
wandering around out here?
I have to go.
Okay, go where?
to that place.
My brother needs my help.
Your brother.
Okay, you're looking for Kite.
Great, well then, tomorrow
morning, we'll wake up,
Chow down on some
breakfast, and then
find your brother.
Sound good?
Tonight, we'll just
go back to uuuhh...
get back!
Tori, get away from him!
Hart, wait up.
Alright!
Gotcha!
Turn This bird around and
head to the b12 district.
Are you sure it's the kid?
Sure am!
Unless They're makin' cars
that run on dark energy.
That's his fourth
power surge tonight.
Little guy's on a roll.
Brother...
So, what?
You think he's trying
to get to wherever Kite is?
Yeah, that's what
my gut's sayin'.
Who is that?
Stay where you are!
C'mon Hart, you're
out past your bedtime.
You again?
That's right! What
do you want with Hart?
This has nothing
to do with you.
The less you kids
know the better.
He keeps talking
about his brother Kite.
He tends to do that
from time to time.
Now run along home and
forget you were ever here.
Where are you taking him?
How do you even know him?
You ask too many questions.
C'mon, kid.
Hang on...
you can't take him!
I don't think he
wants to go with you.
He doesn't have a choice!
The only safe place for him
to be is heartland city!
Heartland Will
be your new home.
You'll like it there.
No, not again!
You need to leave me alone.
Uh-Oh.
Dark energy is
building up very fast.
Get away, nistro!
Dextra!
Talk to me. You okay?
I'm fine.
But subject zero
is on the move.
C'mon, Hart.
I'm not gonna let
that guy take you away.
We'll get you to your brother!
Birdie one to all
units, listen up!
Subject is still at large!
And be careful, he's
more dangerous than ever.
Brother...
I guess this is it.
Kite must be up there.
Yuma,
are you ready for
what might happen?
No one's up here.
Hey Hart, what's goin' on?
Where?
Where is it?
It's supposed to be up here!
What is, Hart?
I have to find it.
Chill out for a sec.
Just talk to us.
Tell us what
you're looking for.
It's a square.
It's small and very sweet.
Okayyy...
without it, my
brother will be...
Hart!
This light.
It seems like it's different
than all the other times!
It is!
I recognize this energy.
Astral!
C'mon!
You move, when I move.
Now, quick!
Looks Like they
called off the search.
We're safe for now.
Listen, I am not going
to let them hurt you, okay?
Hey.
Here.
It's caramel.
It's a tasty
magical power-up.
It can give you strength.
It's sweet!
It's really sweet!
I feel energetic!
That's good.
But, don't you need one too?
As long as you feel better.
That's all that
matters to me, Hart.
But Kite...
I will always protect you.
Guards: Take that!
Secure the boy!
Stop it!
Let me go, you...
Hart!
Heartland City
will be your new home.
You'll like it there.
Let him go!
This time, I'll
give you the energy.
I will fight them all!
Hart!
Yuma!
Hart Came up here to look for
something called a caramel!
Caramel?
Are you talking about Candy?
Hart wants to give a caramel
power-up to his brother.
Caramel power-up?
This is bad, yuma.
Hart is building up enough Dark
energy to swallow
the entire city!
Okay, but what...
what are we supposed to do?
Hey, Hart!
Let's go to a Candy store!
Tori!
Did you buy a caramel earlier?
Caramel?
Here!
Hey, Hart!
Check it out!
Right here!
I've got a caramel for ya!
This is what you want, right?
That's right, here you go.
It's a caramel. We can give
this to Kite. Your brother.
Alright, here goes nothin'!
listen, it's all gonna be
okay. Try to calm down.
My brother.
My brother is very
tired because of me.
I had to come up here to find a
caramel to give to my brother.
To give him strength.
I was able to see
Hart's memories.
Hart and Kite were
hiding on this tower
and Hart seemed to
be quite upset.
Kite attempted to reassure Hart
by giving him the caramel.
He told him it would
give him strength.
They had been running
away from somebody.
Running, from who?
That answers my question.
I won't let you have Hart!
If you wanna bring it, then...
uh...
who are you?
Quinton: I'm Hart's friend.
I'm here to help.
Isn't that right, Hart?
Wait... uh... hang on.
Hart will be perfectly
safe with me, I assure you.
Let's go.
Hart, wait!
I thought we were friends.
Why would we be friends?
I'm on a mission to
destroy astral world.
I will not fail my mission.
Wait!
What are you talking about?
His mission...
to destroy astral world?